This is the summary of our last meeting, yesterday, August 13th.

Agenda:
-	1- Decide on a learning problem and possible learning paths/activities to solve it. A document outlining some initial ideas will be shared before the meeting. 
-	2- Developers explain how these ideas can be implemented and if they can be implemented in a short period of time. 
-	3- Define a work schedule for the upcoming weeks: August, 20th (e.g. developers present their progress with the application/solution) and so on…

Present:
-	Mayra
-	Laura
-	Russell
-	Patrick
-	Bruno
-	Andy

Meeting started at 17:05 UTC

We started to talked about:

The github repo:

It is at https://github.com/adlnet/Joint-Venture.git

Open source:
Andy said it’s not necessary, no real guidelines for what we do during 9 weeks

Bruno said that he saw the necessity that the experiment demonstrates some benefits of xAPI
Russell responded.

This was impacting feasibility (Agenda 2)

Next we talked about the propositions on Google doc (Agenda item 1)
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VQbpqhedZOMhZcT_fJi2_WWr_xNad7D527sInkKp9eI

We kind of combined Laura’s idea, Mayra’s idea, Bruno’s

Bruno proposed a scenario involving multiple learners, social media, and a true learning experience with a peer assessment. (Agenda 2)

Instead of a long spec, full of technical jargon the best was to make a paper prototype video you can find here:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dB1-NO90wAQ 

You just need to sit, listen and relax

Finally we talked about who’s doing what (Agenda item 3)

Action Items:
-	Bruno Job: 
o	Open twitter account xApiJointVenture, 
o	get registered people from LRS, 
o	put statements into LRS
-	Russell: 
o	A registration page, 
o	a page (or same) with a cloud of word, 
o	ToS
-	Laura, Mayra, Patrick, Devaru : 
o	come out with a first set of questions. 
o	Designers should define the questions + some expected terms in answers that would trigger extra value
o	meeting planned for the 15th

Meeting concluded at 17:53 UTC, duration 48’ 
I have the impression participants felt empowered by the meeting.

Also I will make sure that the statement uploader for the csv works on heroku on continuous availability mode.
And I will prepare the CSV corresponding to the video
